hey folks do dear why situation happens
and is what it is when you have the
stuff that you put on YouTube it starts
getting well some attraction it's still
under 100 200 views or so but it's
getting neggers and I do you mean
niggers any GG ers and egge RS unlike
you niggers you're good niggers come on
vine nygma videos all you want to it
shows engagement youtube likes that I
like that shows you're actually paying
attention to my videos so thumbs up
thumbs down have a blast never hurt my
feelings wait wait the video I'm talking
about is the race card AKA ferguson
whiny bitches as witty i put it out the
other day now the other thing too is
also there's another thing that came in
i'm gonna put down the video description
what have you all rested good stuff it
is an article that is 11 facts you
should know about Eric Garner's death
now the website is called upworthy calm
and let them facts you know about our
owner's death obviously for the URL now
here's the thing number one top of the
list Eric garner been busted before for
selling untaxed cigarettes well you know
what nature abhors a vacuum when it's
fourteen dollars and fifty cents for a
pack of cigarettes New York City people
are going to go to other sources there's
no way to world that people need to
spend that kind of money well for just a
pack of cigarettes you know you can go
to jump a couple state lines you jump on
stateline you're over Pennsylvania jump
to state lines or not even to state
lines or New Jersey on the most cheaper
New Jersey is but you can be in a bunch
of other place to go down to Virginia
carton smokes like 30 some-odd bucks you
can triple your money almost if not
slightly more by simply going back to
New York City selling them as Lucy
seventy-five cents apiece that's what
air guard died for now here's the thing
if an arrested multiple times for this
season basically he's a period of the
plate in a paragraph of bad guys in
terms of what he does he's a low-level
criminal but you're Giuliani's the one
to start his stuff about like you know
any crime stick them hard would ever
have you but the new mayor is a jerk he
said pretty much we need tax revenue we
need to make sure to nobody makes money
on the side we need to make sure that we
control everything screw with these guys
to your heart's content the cops are
taking that one by the lead and they are
doing it in spades now here's the thing
there's two levels of crime there you
know you basically have the guys are
doing graffiti or some kind of
undercover sales like this or black
market
they're small potatoes they don't
deserve to die for it on the day that
garter died he had broken up a fight two
guys were duking it out people bouncing
off the store windows what have you he
broke up the fight when the police
arrived the fight was over it happened
on Staten Island zoo cops spotted garner
successfully breaking up the fight
between two people in spite of this the
police didn't concern themselves with
the two guys who are duking it out you
know assaulting one another they focused
on Garner hmm the place again try to
rest garner for selling cigarettes so
the two cops tried to wrest some guards
responsible every time you see me you
try to arrest me I'm tired of it it
stops today one of the officers who
tried to wrest garner was Daniel
Pantaleo Pat DeLeo put Garner in the
chokehold and I'm gonna get to the
wrestling stuff when he put Gardner in a
chokehold he is the guy that actually
contributed if not killed garner that
day now why is that well because choke
holds are banned in New York City
they've been bad in new york city since
1993 by putting garter a chokehold he
was violating their own rules of which
binds him as a police officer in New
York City he didn't even have the
authority to use that type of force and
address it on another person a few days
after his death he was stripped of his
badge and his gun and that's another
story jump to 42 seconds here he's on a
desk job right now I'm sure the other
Leo's read law enforcement officers read
like you know baby Gestapo are bitching
and complaining because he is now on
desk duty he's driving a desk because
he's not a cop right now he's driving a
desk now chuckles abandoned the
department policy Carter's death has yet
to be determined no it was determined he
killed him that's I'm just like reading
back and forth court records shows in
the past two years three bed soon
patently Oh officer was seen wrapping
his arms around garters neck over
allegedly lawful racially motivated
assault and arrests Karan happened to be
black panther leo is a known quantity he
should go to jail for this for
contributing to death of somebody under
his charge while placing him under
arrest all the other cops are piled on
board they should be on the same charges
accessories after the fact all these
asshold assholes killed this guy there's
no way around that one going into the
next thing his last words were I can't
breathe you know what if you're choking
me out
I'm gonna be fight for my life that's
exactly what he said I can't breathe
he's an asthma sufferer you put him in a
chokehold he's probably going to die not
good for medics of the scene did not
give him CPR this Keystone cop calamity
whatever he was to call it when they
arrived they did not address him with
CPR and try to save his ass the other
thing too is he even bounced off the
concrete blood was coming out of his
mouth you know what happenes for EMTs
for killing this guy they were suspended
for two days without pay they need to go
to jail a medical examiner who ruled
Garner's death a homicide was yo a
couple days later they linked it to the
chokehold as well as a prone positioning
during a physical straight by the police
is what killed Eric garner now here's
the kicker there's a video it shows the
cop do it it's not like anybody could
say he said she said no verse happy
horse stuff they have video evidence
that he did do that according to be
heard repeatedly saying I can't breathe
a grand jury indicted the guy who filmed
the death now why is it that this guy
suddenly gets indicted on weapon charges
gets the ax blade between the shoulder
blades and says hey you got to shut up
why is this now happening well you
testify the charges are false he mounted
by the police in retaliation role for
documenting Garner's death very
interesting the grad jury did not indict
the police officer who killed garner 02
but I hope to hell he gets another
charge autumn like me a wrongful death
manslaughter you know some kind of under
color of law scroll people off all these
guys need to go to jail this is not
anything that basically gets to be
rewarded for doing something like this
for a 75-cent cigarette to try to
address a 14 dollar-fifty set pack of
cigarettes nobody needs to die for this
crap this is ridiculous but let me throw
some numbers at you coming out the same
upworthy thing 10 out of 1,000 American
police officers are accused of
misconduct 23.8 percent of those have
been accused of excessive force now on
the other side sixty-eight percent of
felony defendants the general population
are convicted however only thirty-three
percent of police accused of misconduct
are ever convicted all those facts can
be verified by a website called 538
you can find out more this but go to
ACLU and all the rest is happy horse
stuff I'm not going to read the horror
gonna put it down the video description
let you guys do the math but here's the
thing this guy did it need to die for a
75-cent loose cigarette that is
ridiculous okay the mayor of New York
City after Giuliani Julia was kind of a
control freak asshole but he did clean
the place up the current mayor has
already said I am a self-avowed and very
well self noted socialist so you have
these guys are control freak assholes
what Big Government have those big
government rabbit the population votes
for these guys they don't realize they
are right in the ass every single time
because you're asking for these control
freak jerks to take the place over and
ruin it for you if you're like you know
that no hands up don't shoot stuff well
you send me over for the guys who are
control freak assholes who want more
cops on the streets screwing with you
continually this is what you don't want
but you keep potent for them anyway you
do't it to yourself Cobra Gold is when
folks eat good keep its Henry as always
always communist socialist left this
status just bad juju Bay don't need them
in society nowadays there is not good
stuff see you guys